Change metadata properties to be placed in the JSON API meta object instead of using a suffix (#2)
JPBergsma/OPTIMADE: optimade.rst

:filter:`filter=_exmpl1_band_gap<2.0 OR _exmpl2_band_gap<2.5`

Metadata properties
-------------------

> A metadata property represents property-specific metadata for each entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A metadata property represents property-specific metadata for a given entry.
```

> How these are communicated in the response depend on the response format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How these are communicated in the response depends on the response format.
```

> For the JSON response format, the resource object metadata field is used, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the JSON response format, the resource object metadata field, :field:`meta`, is used, see `JSON Response Schema: Common Fields`_.
```

> The metadata property is a dictionary of format specified by the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the Property Definition of the field, see `Property Definitions`_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The metadata property is a dictionary in the format specified by the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the Property Definition of the field, see `Property Definitions`_.
```
For me "dictionary of format" sounds strange. I think "the" is missing.

> Database providers are allowed to define their own metadata properties in :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`, but they MUST use the database-specific prefix even for metadata for database-specific fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Database providers are allowed to define their own metadata properties in :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`, but they MUST use the database-specific prefix in the .
```
When a database adds their own fields, they always have to be prefixed by the database specific prefix. So I do not see why we need to specify this here.

For example, the metadata property definition of the field :field:`_exmpl_example_field` MUST NOT define a metadata field named, e.g., :field:`accuracy`; the field rather needs to be named, e.g., :field:`_exmpl_accuracy`.
The reason for this limitation is to avoid name collisions with standard metadata fields defined by the OPTIMADE standard that apply also to database-specific data fields.

> If an implementation supports the metadata field, it SHOULD return the metadata field whenever the property to which the metadata field belongs is returned.

Reviewer: How does this work in the case of one entry not having the associated metadata? e.g., adding an entry below to which there is no confidence interval, or it is invalid, e.g., a database that serves a theoretical structure with exact `elements_ratios: [1]` alongside experimental structures that have confidence intervals? Should the database be forced to assign a value (I guess confidence interval of 1.0 in this case), or are they allowed to omit the metadata field? Further down we say `meta` here is a `MAY` per resource but does that contradict the "SHOULD" here?

Author: The "SHOULD" here is meant to refer to including, e.g., the field `meta -> element_ratios` in which you would then put things like confidence intervals. The property definition for that meta field should specify whether the confidence interval is required or optional to include in that meta field. Depending on what the metadata property definition says, an empty `meta -> element_ratios` could be fine.

I don't have strong feelings how we should put the MAY and SHOULDs here, but the way it is presently is meant to convey that implementations MAY support metadata fields (but MAY thus chose not to). However, IF they support them, they SHOULD always include them in the `meta` part of the entry response if the corresponding data field is included in the response.

Example of a response using the JSON response format with two structure entries that each include a metadata property for the :field:`element_ratios`:

.. code:: jsonc

     {
       "data": [
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:0001",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.33336, 0.22229, 0.44425],
           },
           "meta": {
             "element_ratios": {
               "_exmpl_confidence_interval": [[0.33325,0.33347],[0.22190,0.22268],[0.44392,0.44458]],
               "_exmpl_confidence_level": 0.95
             }
           }
         },
         {
           "type": "structures",
           "id": "example.db:structs:1234",
           "attributes": {
             "element_ratios":[0.5, 0.5],
           },
           "meta": {
             "element_ratios": {
               "_exmpl_confidence_interval": [[0.6,0.4],[0.7,0.4]],
               "_exmpl_confidence_level": 0.90
             }
           }
         }
         // ...
       ]
       // ...
     }

> Example of the corresponding metadata property definition to be placed in the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` in the property definition of :field:`element_ratios`:

Reviewer 2: This sounds a bit strange, as the example property definition for the metadata field below already contains the field `x-optimade-metadata-definition`
```suggestion
Example of the corresponding metadata property definition contained in the field :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition` which is placed in the property definition of :field:`element_ratios`:
```

    - :field:`uri`: String.
      A URI of the external resource (which MAY be a resolvable URL).

**OPTIONAL keys for the outermost level of the Property Definition:**

- :field:`x-optimade-metadata-definition`: Dictionary.

>   A dictionary that is itself a property definition which defines the format of the metadata dictionary for this field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  A dictionary that is itself a property definition, which defines the format of the metadata dictionary for this field.
```
